---
layout: post
title: 
description: "Profile"
tags: [boom post]
#image:
#  background: triangular.png
---



<div style="text-align:center"><strong>STATEMENT OF QUALIFICATION</strong></div>

Newly relocated to the Phoenix area from the Bay Area, California. Full stack web application development, programming, and full life cycle of the software design process including requirement definition, prototype, proof of concept, design, interface implementation, testing and maintenance.  Proven track record in meeting deadlines, successful enterprise software launch, and presentations.
Specific attention to details, and key thought leader in software development. Excel at interacting with broad populations, including C-level executives, sales representatives, vendors, clients, and related stakeholders.

Full-stack Web Development &#47; Programming &#47; Team Management &#47; User Experience &#47; Agile 
{: .notice}


<div><strong>Project Management/Build Automation Tools:</strong> Atlassian Jira, Apache Maven, Gradle</div>
<div><strong>Programming Languages:</strong> Java, Javascript, jQuery UI/core, SQL, CSS 3, HTML 5, Groovy, Coldfusion, XML</div>
<div><strong>Frameworks:</strong> Spring, Grails, MVC, Angular JS, Knockout JS, Bootstrap CSS/JS, Hibernate, ORM, event-driven frameworks</div>
<div><strong>Software:</strong> IntelliJ IDEA, Visual Studio, Eclipse, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, MySQL, SVN, GIT, Surround SCM</div>
<div><strong>Technologies/Processes:</strong> MVC, Object Oriented architecture, Agile, IIS, Tomcat, Apache</div> 
<div><strong>Operating Systems:</strong> Windows, Ubuntu, Linux</div>

<p>
<div style="text-align:center"><strong>PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Proven technical expertise in web application development and validation experience using Groovy, Grails, JavaScript, jQuery, Java, and SQL.</li>
<li>Implemented cross-platform product intelligence to reduce human error in claims processing and reduce the need for highly skilled and specialized employees in various decision-making roles.</li> 
<li>Provided status for claims, which gives customers knowledge of where their claim is in the lifecycle, contractors a better perspective of their daily business, internal users have knowledge of actionable items, and provides an audit trial.</li>
<li>Single developer on large-scale project to manage file transfer between applications and Point of Sale devices.</li>
<li>Developed XML interfaces between legacy software and cutting edge Point of sale devices to retain customer base.</li>
<li>Adapted to dynamic environment by providing BI solutions, console applications, and Web application solutions.</li>
<li>Extensive experience in Client support.</li>
<li>Ability to address a target audience and deliver the most relevant and pertinent information.</li>
<li>Solution driven, team player who exceeds expectations under pressure.</li>
<li>Problem-solver, detail-oriented, proven performer, team player, motivated, analytical skills, management skills, strong Communication, and interpersonal skills.</li>
<li>Track record of accomplishments and meeting aggressive deadlines for deploying Enterprise Software adhering to Product Road Maps.</li>
<li>Experience with start up web applications, POC, MVP (minimum viable product)</li>
</ul>
</p>
<div style="text-align:center"><strong>PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE</strong></div>
<p>
<div><strong>PG&E</strong> <span style="margin-left:5%;"><i>San Ramon, CA</i></span> <span style="margin-left:37%;">February 2014 – October 2014</span></div>
<div><i>Web Developer</i></div> 
<ul>
<li>Full stack web application development to establish the agreement and authorization between the customer and PG&E for the use of equipment to procure energy.
<div><strong>Technologies:</strong> Groovy on Grails (Spring based framework), jQuery, JavaScript, various JavaScript plugins, HTML5, CSS3.</div>
</li>
</ul>
 
</p>
<p>
<div><strong>GE Global Research and Development</strong> <span style="margin-left:5%;"><i>San Ramon, CA</i></span> <span style="margin-left:4%;">May 2013  – December 2013</span></div>
<div><i>Web Developer</i></div> 
<ul> 
<li>Front End Web Developer focus on implementing and integrating Angular JS into technical stack.</li> 
<li>Created Dashboards using several popular JavaScript libraries including Twitter Bootstrap, HighCharts js, jQuery</li>
<li>Conducted product demos for clients in Qatar and Italy.</li>
<li>Worked on Dashboard application to diagnose and maintain industrial oil pumps. Service layer architecture utilizing service APIs. (GE Oil and Gas)
<div><strong>Technologies:</strong> Java, GWT, JavaScript, Twitter Bootstrap, Angular JS</div>
</li>
<li>Developed dashboard applications using complex big data to creating insightful interfaces for smart meter health, maintenance and determining trends. (GE Power and Water)
<div><strong>Technologies:</strong> Java, Play framework, Twitter Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular JS</div>
</li>
</ul>
</p>
<p>
<div><strong>Amcom</strong> <span style="margin-left:5%;"><i>San Ramon, CA</i></span> <span style="margin-left:37%;">October 2009 – March 2013</span></div>
<div><i>Software Developer</i></div> 
<ul> 
<li>Managed bug fixes, developed enhancements for Clients various websites. Refined procedural code to be modular and object oriented. Studied MVC designs, and utilized frameworks.  
<div><strong>Technologies:</strong> Java, Coldfusion, Cold Spring, ModelGlue, Coldbox, Java, Groovy, Grails, HTML 4.0, MVC, Javascript, JQuery, Flex</div>
</li>
<li>Contributed to minimum viable product for prospective new business opportunity 
<div><strong>Technologies:</strong> Spring MVC, Groovy/Grails, JQuery, JavaScript, HTML,Bootstrap CSS/JS, Knockout js, Kendo UI</div>
</li>
<li>Developed, conducted SQL queries at clients demand to define KPIs and research accuracy of reports. Developed reports, corrected inaccuracies and lead validation efforts.
<div><strong>Technologies:</strong> SQL, MS SQL Server 2005, ColdFusion 8, Crystal Reports</div>
</li> 
</ul>
</p>
<p>
<div><strong>SBC/AT&T</strong> <span style="margin-left:5%;"><i>San Ramon, CA</i></span> <span style="margin-left:37%;">July 2001 – October 2007</span></div>
<div><i>Senior Analyst/Analyst</i></div> 
<ul>
<li>Developed applications in C++, Java, SQL and UNIX for Online message ordering systems used by the West and Midwest regions.
<li>Developed software exceeding client expectations resulting in zero project defects.
<li>Achieved project cost savings by correcting discrepancies between business rules and application behavior.
<li>Employed SCM tools to reduce defect rate from 6 per quarter to 1 per quarter within 1 year. 
</ul>
</p>
<p>
<div style="text-align:center"><strong>EDUCATION / PROFESSIONAL TRAINING</strong></div>

<div><strong>SpringOne 2gx Groovy/Grails Training</strong><span style="margin-left:37%;">October 2012</span></div>

<div><strong>M.S Computer Info Systems/Quantitative Business Methods</strong></div>
<div>California State Hayward, CA<span style="margin-left:59%;">2001</span></div>

<div><strong>B.A. in Political Science</strong></div>
<div>University of California, Berkeley, CA<span style="margin-left:49.5%;">1999</span></div>
</p>
